Minor changes to the instructions (#836)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: packages/node/example/bootstrappedApp/README.md

## Getting a token

To get all the credentials needed to authenticate your script, you can `cd src/`,

> and then run `node bootstrap.js --oidcIssuer <your identity provider>`. 

Reviewer: As per comment on Engineering channel today (I know you're moving this repo, but I'm just noticing this here now):
```suggestion
and then run `node bootstrap.js --solidIdentityProvider <your Solid Identity Provider>`. 
```
